Improved findInstances overview (#81)
InteropIO/FDC3: docs/api/ref/DesktopAgent.md

Find all the available instances for a particular application.

> If the application is not know to the agent, the returned promise should resolve with `ResolverError.NoAppsFound`. If the application is known but there are no instances of the specified application the returned promise should resolve to an empty array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the application is not known to the agent, the returned promise should be rejected with the `ResolverError.NoAppsFound` error message. However, iIf the application is known but there are no instances of the specified app the returned promise should resolve to an empty array.
```
